Hello my friends.
All right let's do this.
Let us build and train the decision tree regression model on the whole dataset.
So I actually could ask you to do it yourself.
You know even without giving you the hint of what class you would use.
Because I also would like you to practice to research the documentation.
So if I were to ask you to try to do this before me or to build and train this decision tree regression
model on this data set.
Well what you would had to do would go to Google or Bing and then type in the search bar decision tree
regression class of psychic learn.
Then you would find the name of the class.
It would probably be on the first link and then based on all the work we did before you know on how
to build and train a machinery more with psychic learn you would totally be able to do this whole step
on your own.
All right.
So if you want to do this please press pause in this video and do the exercise and I'm sure you'll be
proud to find a solution.
All right.
And now let's build a solution together.
Starting with the creation of a new code cell.
And here we go.
The name of the class that can build a decision tree regression model inside could learn.
It's called Decision Tree regressive.
It is a class that belongs to the tree module of learn.
And therefore here we're going to start from cycle LEARN FROM WHICH WE'RE GONNA CALL THAT TREE module
and from which we're going to import that decision Google collab will guess it.
There we go.
So be careful it's not Decision Tree classifier that will be for part 3 classification but Decision
Tree regressive.
All right.
This is based on the same moral decision trees but Decision Tree regressive will predict a continuous
numerical value and decision tree classification will predict a category.
All right then the next natural step here is of course to create an object or an instance of that decision
tree regressive class and we're going to call that as usual re aggressor which will be equal of course
to the call of this class I'm copying this and pasting that right here and adding some parentheses.
All right so now the question is do we have to input anything here in the branch offices.
Well actually no.
You know there are not many parameters to tune in the decision tree regression model.
I don't recommend you spend too much time tuning it and just to try it among your other regression models.
But if you really want to tune it please note that there is this part 10 of the course which covers
all the techniques of parameter tuning which allows you to improve and optimize the performance of a
single model.
And so don't worry you'll know how to deploy these techniques to enhance a model.
But here we just want to learn how to build and train the decision tree regression model and therefore
we will only input one parameter but which is just for training purposes.
It is you know that random state parameter which will allow us to get the same result in the end because
indeed there are some random factors happening when you build and train your decision tree aggressor
and therefore if we don't fix the seed we will get slightly different results.
Adrienne and you know it's nicer to have the same results so that we can all be on the same page.
So we're just going to input random underscore state parameter and set that equal to zero.
Right we're fixing the seed here with that zero value for the random state parameter.
And now final step.
Well you totally know how to finish this.
We just need to take our aggressor and then call the fit method which takes as input of course the matrix
of features X the whole matrix and then the dependent variable vector Y.
All right so this will actually train your decision to re regress or to understand the correlations
between the position levels here and the salaries after which you will have a trained model which you
will be able to deploy in production to predict a new result and especially that salary of the position
level six point five.
All right.
So that's what we'll do in the next material.
But first let's not forget to run the cell to indeed build and train that decision tree regression model.
And also I want to say congratulations if you pressed buzz at the beginning of this tutorial to code
this by yourself first.
And also congratulations to those who tried because that's really what matters.
You know to take action to at least try and practice.
Okay so I'll go here.
That's great.
We have our regression model and now in that same spirit of you know taking action to practice and try
to implement things on your own.
Well I would like you to try to predict that salary of the position of number six point five and there
is absolutely no trap here or no difficulties so I have no doubt you will actually smash this.
All right so please try to do this and will implement the easy solution together in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy machine learning.